docs/k8s: update docs (#11307)
tailscale/tailscale: docs/k8s/README.md

# Overview

There are quite a few ways of running Tailscale inside a Kubernetes Cluster.
This doc covers creating and managing your own Tailscale node deployments in cluster.

> If you want a higher level of automation, easier configuration, automated tailscale device deletion or a mechanism for exposing the kube API server to the tailnet, take a look at [Tailscale Kubernetes operator](https://tailscale.com/kb/1236/kubernetes-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a higher level of automation, easier configuration, automated cleanup of stopped Tailscale devices, or a mechanism for exposing the [Kubernetes API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/) server to the tailnet, take a look at [Tailscale Kubernetes operator](https://tailscale.com/kb/1236/kubernetes-operator).
```

> :warning: Note that the manifests generated by the following commands are not production ready Kubernetes deployment manifests and you will need to tweak them before actual usage. For example, the commands to generate a standalone proxy manifest, will create a standalone `Pod`- this will not persist accross cluster upgrades etc. :warning:

Reviewer: We probably can't decide what "production ready" means for everyone, so I'd phrase this in terms of our intent or recommendations.

```suggestion
:warning: Note that the manifests generated by the following commands are not intended for production use, and you will need to tweak them based on your environment and use case. For example, the commands to generate a standalone proxy manifest, will create a standalone `Pod`- this will not persist across cluster upgrades etc. :warning:
```

   INTERNAL_PORT=8080
   curl http://$INTERNAL_IP:$INTERNAL_PORT
   ```

## Multiple replicas

Note that if you want to use the `Pod` manifests generated by the commands above in a multi-replica setup (i.e a multi-replica `StatefulSet`) you will need to change the mechanism for storing tailscale state to ensure that multiple replicas are not attemting to use a single Kubernetes `Secret` to store their individual states.

To avoid proxy state clashes you could either store the state in memory or an `emptyDir` volume, or you could change the provided state `Secret` name to ensure that a unique name gets generated for each replica.

> - storing in an `emptyDir`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: storing in an `emptyDir`
```

You can mount an [`emptyDir` volume](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#emptydir) and configure the mount as the tailscale state store via `TS_STATE_DIR` env var. 

> You must also set `TS_KUBE_SECRET` to an empty string.

Reviewer: Should the example below include `TS_KUBE_SECRET`?

An example:

```yaml
kind: StatefulSet
metadata:
  name: subnetrouter
spec:
  replicas: 2
  ...
  template:
    ...
    spec:
      ...
      volumes:
      - name: tsstate
        emptyDir: {}
      containers:
      - name: tailscale
        env:
        - name: TS_STATE_DIR
          value: /tsstate
        volumeMounts:
        - name: tsstate
          mountPath: /tsstate
```

The downside of this approach is that the state will be lost when a `Pod` is
deleted. In practice this means that when you, for example, upgrade proxy
versions you will get a new set of Tailscale devices with different hostnames.

> - dynamically generating a unique `Secret` name for each replica:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 2: dynamically generating unique `Secret` names
```
